[dart 3.9] Document `tag_pattern` for git dependencies (#6607)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/tools/pub/dependencies.md

[commit]: https://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/user-manual.html#naming-commits

If the package you depend on has tagged the revision of each version of the
package, you can use `tag_pattern` instead of `ref`, together with a version
constraint.

Pub will then query Git for all matching tags, and feed those version to the 
version solver.

```yaml
dependencies:
  kittens:
    git:
      url: git@github.com:munificent/kittens.git
      tag_pattern: v{{version}} # Find version-tag prefixed by 'v'.
    version: ^2.0.1
```

:::version-note
Support for `tag_pattern` was introduced in Dart 3.9.0.

> To use pub workspaces, the including pubspec (but not the dependency)
> must have an SDK version constraint of `^3.9.0` or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `tag_pattern`, the including pubspec (but not the dependency)
must have an SDK version constraint of `^3.9.0` or higher.
```
